is that in that same time late 60s
early' 7s that the cops take over the
sort of imaginary of of American culture
you have the very beginnings of a shift
to the securitization of the welfare
state of and and of capitalism um
increasingly capital is no longer
getting its profits from making and
selling things less and less of the
profits being traded in Wall Street for
example come from Commerce or industry
and more and more from Finance
manipulating people's debts betting on
how much rent they're going to pay of
events of one kinds or another of the
fire sect Finance insurance and real
estate the interesting thing is the more
the economy
financialized the more you get this kind
of securitization the more police or
police substitutes guys with guns um
with certain police powers or police
like Powers start appearing all over the
place I always think of of the bank um
when I was growing up we didn't have
local Bank branches theyd have these
little temples you know buildings that
were Banks and they they always looked
like classical temples uh churches of
money in a certain sense but you know
gradually like in the 8S and '90s or the
ATM machine you had these little
branches of banks opening like there
were stores that didn't actually sell
anything they looked like the very cheap
virtual reality brought into life you
know um they they and all they really
had in them was money
and guns guys big Burly guys with guns
were the security um and then got people
with computer screens um so these empty
stores with with with money and guns in
them and to me this is a symbol because
as financialization of the economy
increased you also have people of guns
showing up pretty much everywhere where
you'd never have dreamed of there being
before I mean it's not like people's
behavior has fundamentally changed uh
but the way we feel we have to deal with
it is fundamentally Chang we have police
in or police like people in playgrounds
and schools and hospitals none of that
used to exist so so so there's
[Music]
this kind of invasion of the threat of
violence into every aspect of our
society at the same time as there is
this process of the economy being
reorganized around extraction